Provide guidelines and recommendations on different tools and technologies.
Build next gen test framework using latest technologies.
Experience in evaluating new tools and automation technologies along with evaluation report.
Lead QA strategy engagements to provide the blueprint for the QA Automation and Regression strategy.
Ability to interact with customer executive teams through structured test architecture.
Identify Quality Engineering and automation gaps and develop solutions for automation
What you’ll bring

Experience in Functional Test Automation development / scripting using Selenium with Java and Cucumber + BDD framework, Maven
Hands on experience in API Test Automation using tools like SOAPUI, Rest Assured, POSTMAN etc.
Good knowledge of REST / SOAP concepts.
Hands on experience in Sumo Logic.
Exposure of handling various file formats like XML, JSON etc.
Experience of working with version control tools e.g., Git, SVN, Bitbucket, Azure DevOps repo.
Sound knowledge in Testing concepts, Programming / OOPS concept, Database concepts, Agile process, and ceremonies.
Good experience in Test Management tool like JIRA, Test Rail etc. Nice to have:
Experience of using CI tools like Jenkins
Experience of working in BFSI / Trading domain
 Benefits

Competitive salary and benefits package
Culture focused on talent development with quarterly promotion cycles and company-sponsored higher education and certifications
Opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies
Employee engagement initiatives such as project parties, flexible work hours, and Long Service awards
Annual health check-ups
Insurance coverage: group term life, personal accident, and Mediclaim hospitalization for self, spouse, two children, and parents
Our company fosters a values-driven and people-centric work environment that enables our employees to:

Accelerate growth, both professionally and personally
Impact the world in powerful, positive ways, using the latest technologies
Enjoy collaborative innovation, with diversity and work-life wellbeing at the core
Unlock global opportunities to work and learn with the industry’s best
Let's unleash your full potential. See Beyond, Rise Above

For more detail, please contact Arzoo Kureshi(arzoo_kureshi@persistent.com)

Location:Hinjawadi, Pune, India
Open Positions:1
Posted on:08-Feb-2023
Skill Required:Test Automation-API Testing